# BST Sort
There are various ways to do sorting. I feel that I didn't get much interested in Sorting algorithms ( Bubble, Insertion, Selection, Quick, Merge ) which are mostly used, only because of the reason that they are mostly implemented through Arrays.<br><br>
BST sort is a Sorting Algorithm which is built using the principle : Inorder traversal of a Binary Search Tree leads to a sorted order. But, we can't insert duplicate elements into the BST like in the Array ? Hence, I tried to resolve it using a new element in the structure - "count" to count the number of occurances of the element.<br><br>
The time complexity of the Algorithm would O(n*log(n)) in the Best and Average cases and leads to O(n^2) in the Worst case. I feel that we can resolve this worst case time complexity also to O(n*log(n)) if we use an AVL tree instead of a BST for the same process.
# Bipartite Graph identification Algorithm
I learnt Bipartite graphs as a part of my Discrete Mathematics and Graph Theory Course. The traditional way of identification of a Bipartite Graph involves : "If any one Cycle in the graph with odd number of nodes, it is Not a Bipartite Graph, Else it is a Bipartite graph". I was a little bit confused about this at the starting when I learnt this, which made me build this new algorithm with an new logic, following the basic definition of a Bipartite Graph. Do check out the logic of the code in this Repository. I do feel that it can be further modified in a big way in terms of Time or Space complexity, which I would like to try out later. Do make suggestions if any.
